content: add description and title metas (#1600)
nuxt/nuxtjs.org: content/en/sponsors-nuxtjs.md

---
template: page
title: 'Sponsor NuxtJS development'

> description: 'NuxtJS is an MIT licensed open source project and free to use. However, the maintainance effort is not sustainable without proper financial backing.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Nuxt is an MIT licensed open source project and free to use. However, the maintenance effort is not sustainable without proper financial backing.'
```
